What is India's official name?
India's official name is 'Bharat' in Hindi and 'Republic of India' in English. 
What is the National Currency of India?
The Rupee (One Rupee=100 paise) is the national currency of India. 
Which is the capital of India?
New Delhi is the capital city of India. It is also referred to as the National Capital Territory or simply NCT.
What is the full name of the Indian President?
The full name of the Indian President is Pranab Kumar Mukherjee.
What is the population of India?
According to the 2011 Census, India's population is 1,21,01,93,422. 
What is the area of India?
The area of India spans over 3.3 million square kilometers. 
What is the geographical location of India?/ Where is India located?
India is located between latitudes 8 째 4' and 37 째 6 ' north and longitudes 68 째 7 ' and 97째 25' east. 
What is the Length of India's Coastline?
India's coastline extends for 7600 km. 
What are the Official Languages of India?
The official language of the Republic of India is Hindi with English as a secondary official language 
What are the Major Religions of India?
The Major Religions of India are Hinduism, Islam, Christianity, Buddhism, Sikhism and Jainism. 
What is the percentage of Literacy in India?
India's literacy rate stands at 74.4 percent. 
Who is the Prime Minister of India?
Dr. Manmohan Singh is the Prime Minister of India. 
National Symbols
What is the National Anthem of India?
'Jan gana mana' written by Rabindranath Tagore is the National Anthem of India.
What is the National Song of India?
Vande Mataram, composed in Sanskrit by Bankimchandra Chatterji is the National Song of India.
What is the National Emblem of India?
The Replica of the Lion Capital of Sarnath is the National Emblem of India.
What is the National Flag of India?
The National Flag of India is a horizontal tricolor with equal proportion of deep saffron on the top, white in the middle and dark green at the bottom. In the center of the white band is a wheel in navy blue color.
What is the National Animal of India?
The Tiger (Panthera tigris) is the National Animal of India.
What is the National Bird of India?
The Peacock is the National Bird of India.
What is the National Flower of India?
The National Flower of India is the Lotus.
What is the National Tree of India?
The Banyan is the National Tree of India.
What is the National Fruit of India?
The Mango is the National Fruit of India. 
What is the National Sport of India?
Hockey is the National Sport of India.
Where is the tomb of Emperor Akbar located?
Emperor Akbar's tomb is located in Sikandra.
Who designed the Victoria Memorial at Calcutta?
The Victoria Memorial at Calcutta was designed by William Emerson. 
Which port city was the first Portuguese colony in India?
Goa was the first Portuguese colony in India.
Where did Vasco da Gama land in India?
Vasco da Gama land in India at Calicut.
What is Lothal, near the Gulf of Khambat, believed to have been long ago?
Lothal is believed to have been a Port.
Where did Alexander of Macedon first enter in India?
Alexander of Macedon first entered the Gandhara province of India.
When did the first partition of Bengal take place?
The first partition of Bengal took place in 1905.
Which Indian president declared a state of emergency in 1975?
The Indian president who declared a state of emergency in 1975	was Fakhruddin Ali Ahmed.
Who was the founder of the Brahmo Samaj?
Raja Ram Mohan Roy was the founder of the Brahmo Samaj.
Who was the founder of the Slave dynasty?
Qutb-ud-din-Aybak was the founder of the Slave dynasty.
Which Lodi king was killed in the First Battle of Panipat?
Ibrahim Lodi was killed in the First Battle of Panipat.
What was the kingdom of Krishna Deva Raya Called?
The kingdom of Krishna Deva Raya was called Vijaynagar.
Who was the last Mughal emperor of India?
Bahadur Shah II was the last Mughal emperor of India.
Who started the Prarthana Samaj?
M.G. Ranade started the Prarthana Samaj.
Where was Gautama Buddha born?
Gautama Buddha was born in Lumbini.
To which dynasty did Ashoka belong ?
Ashoka belonged to the Maurya dynasty.
What is Bodh Gaya famous for in relation with the Buddha?
The Buddha attained Enlightenment in both gaya.
Who built the Taj mahal and the Lal Qila?
The Taj Mahal and the Lal Qila was built by Shah Jahan.
Who was the only early Mughal emperor to be ousted from the throne?
Humayun was the only early Mughal emperor to be ousted from the throne.
In which language were the early Buddhist canonical/sacred texts written?
Pali was the language in which the early Buddhist canonical/sacred texts were written.
Who founded the kingdom of Vijayanagar?
Harihara and Bukka founded the kingdom of Vijayanagar.
Which governor-general of British India was responsible for abolishing sati?
Lord William Bentinck was the governor-general of British India responsible for abolishing sati.
Who was the first Indian woman president of the Indian National Congress?
Sarojini Naidu was the first Indian woman president of the Indian National Congress.
Where is Fort Saint George located?
Fort Saint George is located in Chennai. The Secretariate and offices of the armed forces are locted inside this complex.
Who founded the Indian National Army?
Subhas Chandra Bose founded the Indian National Army.
What was the court language of the Vijayanagar empire?
Telugu was the court language of the Vijayanagar empire.
In which modern State of India was the ancient university of Nalanda located?
The ancient university of Nalanda is located in the modern day state of Bihar.
Which of the following tombs is an imitation of the Taj Mahal?
Bibi ka Maqbara is an imitation of the Taj Mahal.
When was the Indian National Congress founded?
The Indian National Congress was foundedin 1885.
Who came to be popularly called as Lokmanya?
Bal Gangadhar Tilak came to be popularly called as Lokmanya.
What are the stories that describe the earlier lives of the Buddha known as?
Iataka are the stories that describe the earlier lives of the Buddha.
What was the most widely used script in India in the third century?
Brahmi was the most widely used script in India in the third century.
Which ancient Buddhist study centre did Hsuan-tsang and I-ching describe?
Hsuan-tsang and I-ching described Nalanda as the ancient Buddhist study centre.
Who was the successor of Iltutmish?
Raziyya was the successor of Iltutmish.
Who passed the India Act of 1784?
William Pitt passed the India Act of 1784.
What was the popular name of Vishnugupta, the author of Arthashastra?
The popular name of Vishnugupta, the author of Arthashastra is Chanakya.
Who introduced the philosophy of satyagraha in India's struggle against British imperialism?
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi introduced the philosophy of satyagraha in India's struggle against British imperialism.
Who among the following was the founder of the Pala Dynasty?
Gopala was the founder of the Pala Dynasty.
Where is the Harappan site of Kalibangan located?
The Harappan site of Kalibangan is locatedat Rajasthan.
Who was known as "the Frontier Gandhi"?
Khan Abdul Ghaffar Khan was known as "the Frontier Gandhi".
Who was the first high Commissioner of India to the United Kingdom?
V.K. Krishna Menon was the first high Commissioner of India to the United Kingdom.
Which ancient city was founded by Ajatashatru?
Pataliputra was founded by Ajatashatru.
To which emperor did the peacock throne originally belong?
The peacock throne originally belonged to Shah Jahan.
Who created the military brotherhood of Sikhs called "Khalsa"?
Guru Gobind Singh created the military brotherhood of Sikhs called "Khalsa".
Where are the Jaintia Hills located?
The Jaintia Hills are located in Meghalaya.
Which city is closet to the geographical center of India?
Nagpur is the city is closet to the geographical center of India.
Which is the highest peak in the Western Ghats?
The Anai Peak is the highest peak in the Western Ghats.
Which river is known as the "Sorrow of Bihar"?
Kosi is known as the "Sorrow of Bihar".
Which of the following States has Winter monsoon?
Tamil Nadu has Winter monsoon.
Is the Everest mountain peak located in India?
The	Everest mountain peak is not located in India. It lies in Nepal's territory.
What is Chilika?
Chilika lake as it is popularly known, is not a lake in the proper sence. It is a lagoon.
Which classical Indian dance is traditionally performed by men?
Kathakali is the classical Indian dance traditionally performed by men.
Which Indian States are known for their bandhani work?
The Indian state known for bandhani work are Gujarat and Rajasthan.
How Many rasas are there in Indian classical dance?
Indian classical dance consists of 9 rasas.
To which diety is the main temple at Konark dedicated?
The main temple at Konark is dedicated to Surya or the Sun God.
Which is the famous mosque situated in New Delhi, that is also one of the largest in India?
Jama Masjid is the famous mosque in New Delhi.
Who, according to Indian mythology, was the first man?
Manu, according to Indian mythology, was the first man.
In which language did Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai write his novels?
Thakazhi Sivasankara Pillai wrote his novels in Malayalam.
How many Indians have won the Nobel prize?
6 Indians have won the Nobel prize.
Which was the first-all-Indian cricket club?
Orient Cricket Club was the first-all-Indian cricket club.
What was Sarojini Naidu's first collection of poems?
The Golden Threshold was Sarojini Naidu's first collection of poems.
Which Indian State is associated with the Bihu Festivals?
Assam celebrates the Bihu Festival.
With which State would you associate the famous ten-day Ganesh festival ?
Maharashtra celebrates a ten day Ganesh Festival. 
Which form of Indian classical dance is indigenous to the State of Andhra Pradesh?
Kuchipudi is the form of Indian classical dance that is indigenous to the State of Andhra Pradesh.
In which country did the game of chess first appear?
The game of chess was first played in India.
With which Indian religion are the Four Noble Truths associated?
The Four Noble Truths are associated with Buddhism.
To which northeastern State of India do the Khasi people belong?
The Khasi people belong to Meghalaya.
Whose autobiography is entitled The Story of My Experiments with Truth?
Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi named his autobiography as "The Story of My Experiments with Truth". 
What is Malgudi?
Malgudi is an imaginary town in the novels and stories of Indian novlist R.K. Narayana.
Which form of Indian classical dance is traditionally enacted outdoors and goes on all night?
Of the Indian classical dances, Kathakali is traditionally enacted outdoors and goes on all night.
Which famous Indian film personality produced, directed, and acted in the film Aag?
Raj Kapoor produced, directed, and acted in Aag.
What is Natya-Shastra a handbook of?
Natya-Shastra is the ancient handbook of Dramatic art.
What is Gitanjali a collection of?
Gitanjali a collection of	Poems. It is the sermon that Lord Krishna gave to Arjuna in the battlefiled of the Mahabharata.
Which Indian athlete is known as the "Payolli Express"?
P.T. Usha, winner of many Asiad golds in atheletics is known as the "Payolli Express".
With which game is the Santosh Trophy associated?
The Santosh Trophy is associated with Soccer.
In which Indian State would you be if you were holidaying on "Calangute" beach?
The Calangute" beach is in Goa.
Which famous monument was built to commemorate the end of plague in Hyderabad in the year 1591?
Charminar is the monument built to commemorate the end of plague in Hyderabad. It has 4 minars and therefore the name.
In which State of India is the Wular Lake located?
Wular Lake is located in Jammu & Kashmir.
Which India city is also called the "pink city"?
Jaipur is also called the "pink city".
Which town is the provisional capital of Uttrakhand State?
Dehradun is the provisional capital of Uttrakhand State.
Which of these is the official residence of the President of India?
The Rashtrapati Bhawan is the official residence of the President of India.
Which city is the capital of the new State of Jharkhand?
Ranchi is the capital of the new State of Jharkhand.
Which Indian city is also referred to as Tatanagar?
Jamshedpur is also referred to as Tatanagar.
In which State in India would you find lions?
Lions can be found in Gujarat. 
Name the capital of Manipur State?
Imphal is the capital of Manipur.
Dispur is the capital of which State of India?
Dispur is the capital of Assam.
In which sea are the Lakshdweep islands located?
The Lakshdweep islands is located in the Arabian Sea.
Which of the following national parks would you visit if you were in Gujarat?
The Gir is a well known national park of Gujarat.
Which faith is the famous Lotus Temple of New Delhi dedicated to?
The Lotus Temple of New Delhi is dedicated to the Bahai faith.
Which city was once known as the "Manchester of India"?
Surat was once known as the "Manchester of India". 
What animal would you especially expect to see at the Kaziranga National Park?
The Kaziranga National Park	is home to the Indian rhinoceros.
Where is the port of Kandla located?
The port of Kandla is located in Gujarat.